---
title: 'Nonsense'
date: 201711271655.29
tags:
- 'nonsense'
- 'words'
---

I hole-hardedly agree, but allow me to play doubles advocate here for a
moment. For all intensive purposes I think you are wrong. In an age
where false morals are a diamond dozen, true virtues are a blessing in
the skies. We often put our false morality on a petal stool like a bunch
of pre-Madonnas, but you all seem to be taking something very valuable
for granite. So I ask of you to mustard up all the strength you can
because it is a doggy dog world out there. Although there is some merit
to what you are saying it seems like you have a huge ship on your
shoulder. In your argument you seem to throw everything in but the kids
Nsync, and even though you are having a feel day with this I am here to
bring you back into reality. I have a sick sense when it comes to these
types of things. It is almost spooky, because I cannot turn a blonde eye
to these glaring flaws in your rhetoric. I have zero taller ants when it
comes to people spouting out hate in the name of moral righteousness.
You just need to remember what comes around is all around, and when
supply and command fails you will be the first to go. Make my words,
when you get down to brass stacks it doesn’t take rocket appliances to
get two birds stoned at once. It’s clear who makes the pants in this
relationship, and sometimes you just have to swallow your prize and
accept the facts. You might have to come to this conclusion through
denial and error but I swear on my mother’s mating name that when you
put the petal to the medal you will pass with flying carpets like it’s a
peach of cake.

tags: [nonsense](tag_nonsense.html), [words](tag_words.html)
